docs(upgrade.md): add doc for dataplane token revocation changes on Universal (#12828)
kumahq/kuma: UPGRADE.md

The documentation did not mention the `SourceIP` type, but it was possible to create a policy using it instead of `Connection`. Since `SourceIP` 
is not a correct value, we have decided to deprecate it. If you are using `SourceIP` in your policy, please update it to use `Connection` instead.

#### Changes on revoking dataplane tokens

> Revoking a dataplane token on Unversal mesh clusters now requires restarting the mesh control plane, otherwise connected dataplanes will still be able to communicate until they restart/reconnect to the control plane.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Revoking a data-plane token on Universal zones now requires restarting the mesh control plane, otherwise connected data-planes will still be able to communicate until they restart/reconnect to the control plane.
```

I'm not sure this is correct. I think the change is more:

> CP/DP authentication is only checked at connection start. This means that if a token expires or is revoked after the data-plane connects, the connection won't stop. The recommended action on token revocation is to either restart the control-plane or the concerned data-planes

Author: Improved. I see more places using `dataplane` than `data-plane`, so I'm using the more common one.
